I'll just say a word, please don't do it first.
Okay, I don’t care about my identity,
I won't give you general insight. A small country,
The pie was cold and not tasty at all.
I came here today just to tell you,
I have a boyfriend, and he will understand.
After last night, don’t leave me alone.
My boyfriend will be unhappy.
You are indeed joking with me, right?
Do you think I'm joking with you?
Impossible
Mom, stop stuttering
You said you didn't have it
Could it be that I am not allowed to lose anything?
Hey, Qiaowan, where are you?
I'm not that boring
Let me introduce myself from now on
I'm in a relationship with you, I guess you sympathize with me
My love is to bully the noble
Where have you been for a long time?
How many Lianxins are there?
So scary
Foreigners are so at ease
The union is not big
It's not right that you're not good enough and it hurts you.
It's a free push, right?
I'll check. Don't talk too much.
You really don’t look good either
Although those who appear can give it to you, give it to you, give it to you
I can go somewhere and write
you work better than
Do you really not want to fight? Just raise it.
Although I don’t work much
But it’s not as if little Meg is a mouthful of food for me.
I just like little Meg.
Nicely spoken Nuan Nuan